cook: 1 tablespoon canola oil -> heated oil, orig text: Heat oil in a large pot; brown chicken. 
cook: oil and chicken -> browned chicken, orig text: Heat oil in a large pot; brown chicken. 
cook: onion in oil -> onions in oil, orig text: Saute onions until soft, about 5 minutes. 
cook: stew -> cooked stew, orig text: Add broth, beans, tomatoes, celery, carrots, wine, bay leaf, herbs and all the chicken; cover and simmer for 40 minutes.
cook: cooked stew -> finished stew, orig text: Add parsley, cilantro, salt, and pepper, and simmer 5 more minutes.
cook: chicken pieces in oil -> cooked chicken pieces, orig text: In a large pot over medium heat, cook chicken pieces in oil until browned on both sides.  
mix: chicken, onion -> chicken, onion, orig text: Stir in onion and cook 2 minutes more.  
cook: chicken, onion -> cooked chicken, onion, orig text: Stir in onion and cook 2 minutes more.  
cook: chicken, onion, water, bouillon -> Boiled stuff, orig text: Pour in water and chicken bouillon and bring to a boil.  
cook: Boiled stuff -> stuff in pot, orig text: Reduce heat and simmer 45 minutes.
mix: soup -> Stirred soup, orig text: Stir in celery, carrots, garlic, salt and pepper.  
cook: Stirred soup -> soup, orig text: Simmer until carrots are just tender.  
cook: meatless soup -> meatless soup, orig text: Stir the noodles into the pot and cook until tender, 10 minutes.  
cut: 6 (2 inch thick) slices French bread -> French bread slices with pockets, orig text: Cut a pocket in each slice of bread. 
do: French bread slices with pockets -> French bread slices with open pockets, orig text: Open carefully
mix: mixture -> beat mixture, orig text: Add the sugar and flavoring extract and beat until smooth. 
mix: milk and eggs -> beaten milk and eggs, orig text: Beat together the egg substitutes and milk. 
cook: stuffed bread dipped in egg -> toast, orig text: Cook the toast on each side for about 3 to 4 minutes per side until golden brown.
mix: fruit and honey -> smoothie, orig text: Blend until smooth.
cook: mixture with more water if necessary -> warm mixture, orig text: Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about  40 minutes.  
cook: soup -> cooked soup, orig text: Stir in cream and heat through.  
mix: bbq sauce -> stirred sauce, orig text: In a saucepan over low heat, mix the brown sugar, chile sauce, rum, soy sauce, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, dry mustard, and pepper.
cook: stirred sauce -> heated sauce, orig text: Simmer 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
cook: everything -> boiled everything, orig text: Bring to a boil over medium heat. 
cook: boiled everything -> simmered everything, orig text: Cover the pot and simmer for 30 minutes, basting the chicken occasionally. 
cook: simmered everything -> cooked chicken, orig text: After 30 minutes, remove lid and cook until liquid has reduced to half.
cook: 2 teaspoons peanut oil -> heated peanut oil, orig text: In a large saucepan over medium heat, heat peanut oil.  
cook: oil and spices -> fragrant spices, orig text: Stir in garlic, ginger, lemon grass, red pepper, coriander and cumin and cook until fragrant, 2 minutes.  
cook: chicken, onion, spices -> cooked chicken, onion, spices, orig text: Stir in chicken and onion and cook, stirring, until chicken is white and onion is translucent, 5 minutes.  
cook: chicken, onion, spices, bok choy -> chicken, onion, spices, bok choy, orig text: Stir in bok choy and cook until it begins to wilt, 5 to 10 minutes.  
cook: everything -> tom ka gai, orig text: Simmer until chicken is thoroughly cooked and flavors are well blended, 30 minutes.
cook: 2 tablespoons butter -> melted butter, orig text: In a large skillet over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. 
cook: butter, halibut, garlic, thyme -> cooked halibut, orig text: Cook until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes. 
mix: butter, flour, salt -> butter, flour, salt, orig text: Stir in flour and salt until smooth; cook and stir until golden brown. 
cook: butter, flour, salt -> cooked butter, flour, salt, orig text: Stir in flour and salt until smooth; cook and stir until golden brown. 
cook: butter, flour, salt, broth, cream -> cooked lasagna filling, orig text: Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened. 
cook: uncooked lasagna -> half cooked lasagna, orig text: Cover and bake at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes. 
cook: half cooked lasagna -> cooked lasagna, orig text: Uncover; bake 20 minutes longer or until bubbly. 
mix: beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes -> beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes, orig text: Stir in onion, tomatoes, mixed vegetables and potatoes.  
cook: everything -> cooked stew, orig text: Cook on low 8 hours.
mix: flour, sugars, baking powder, salt -> flour, sugars, baking powder, salt, orig text: In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugars, baking powder and salt. 
mix: egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food -> egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food, orig text: In another bowl, beat the egg, milk, oil, extract and remaining baby food. 
mix: almost everything -> almost everything, orig text: Stir into dry ingredients just until moistened. 
cook: dough -> almond bread, orig text: Bake at 350 degrees F for 55-65 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. 
mix: unmixed glaze -> glaze, orig text: For glaze, combine the confectioners' sugar, milk, extract and reserved baby food until smooth. 
mix: butter, sugar, almonds -> butter, sugar, almonds, orig text: In a saucepan over low heat, combine the butter, sugar and 1 cup chopped almonds. 
cook: butter, sugar, almonds -> butter, sugar, almonds, orig text: In a saucepan over low heat, combine the butter, sugar and 1 cup chopped almonds. 
cook: butter, sugar, almonds -> boiled almond mixture, orig text: Stir constantly until mixture boils, then do not stir or shake.  
cook: boiled almond mixture -> almond syrup, orig text: Heat to 300 to 310 degrees F (149 to 154 degrees C), or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms hard, brittle threads.
do: almond syrup with chocolate -> almond-chocolate coating over candy, orig text: Immediately press chocolate chips onto the hot candy. As the chocolate melts, spread it into a coating over the candy.
cut: almond buttercrunch -> broken pieces, orig text: Sprinkle finely chopped almonds over the top; cool, and break into uneven pieces.
cook: syrup and butter -> melted butter and syrup, orig text: In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the syrup and butter together. 
cut: final mixture -> teaspoons of mixture, orig text: Drop by teaspoons on greased cookie sheets (or baking paper).
cook: teaspoons of mixture -> baked biscuits, orig text: Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 18 to 20 minutes.
mix: flour mixture -> stirred flour mixture, orig text: In another medium bowl stir together whole wheat pastry flour, kosher salt, and the 1/8 teaspoon apple pie spice. 
mix: wet flour mixture -> dough, orig text: Stir lightly with a fork until dough comes together. 
cut: dough -> 6 portions of dough, orig text: Divide dough into 6 portions. 
do: 6 portions of dough -> pastry-lined pans, orig text: Using six 3 1/2- to 4-inch individual tart pans with removable bottoms, press one dough portion on the bottom and up the side of each tart pan.
cook: unbaked fruit tarts -> half baked tarts, orig text: Bake in a 375 degrees F oven for 20 minutes; remove foil. 
cook: half baked tarts -> hot tarts, orig text: Bake about 20 minutes more or until fruit is tender. 
mix: butter sugar and eggs -> beaten butter sugar and eggs, orig text: Blend together butter and sugar; add eggs and beat well. Add apple butter, vanilla, wheat germ or bran cereal. Add sifted dry ingredients alternately with sour cream; mix well after each addition.
cook: final cake mixture -> apple butter spice cake, orig text: Bake for 40 minutes.
cook: apples and cider -> hot apples mixture, orig text: Bring to a boil and cook on medium heat 30 minutes, or until soft.
mix: hot apples mixture -> pressed apple mixture, orig text: Press the softened mixture through a food mill.
cook: pressed apple mixture -> hot pressed apple mixture, orig text: Continue cooking at a medium boil for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
cook: apple sugar and spices mix -> dissolved sugar mix, orig text: Continue cooking over low heat until the sugar dissolves, stirring frequently. 
cook: dissolved sugar mix -> hot apple butter, orig text: Cook until the desired thickness has been attained. 
mix: apple mixture -> mixed apple stuff, orig text: In a large bowl, mix together apples, cranberries, white sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. 
cook: uncooked crisp -> finished crisp, orig text: Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 50 minutes, or until topping is golden brown, and apples are tender.
cook: apple juice mix -> hot apple juice mix, orig text: Bring to a boil, then remove from heat and let cool completely.
mix: egg mix -> beaten egg mix, orig text: Beat together eggs, sugar, and oil.  
cook: final batter -> hot bread, orig text: Bake for 80 minutes.  
cook: all ingredients -> bread, orig text: Select Basic or White Cycle; press Start. 
cut: 24 jalapeno peppers -> slitted jalapenos, orig text: Cut a slit in each jalapeno pepper. 
do: slitted jalapenos -> seedless slitted jalapenos, orig text: Remove and discard seeds and pulp.
mix: sausage stuff -> mixed sausage stuff, orig text: In a medium bowl, mix sausage, baking mix, Cheddar cheese, crushed red pepper, and garlic salt.
cook: sausage jalapeno balls -> cooked jalapeno sausage balls, orig text: Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, until lightly browned.
cook: 1 tablespoon olive oil -> hot oil, orig text: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. 
cook: chicken and oil -> lightly browned chicken, orig text: Saute chicken until lightly browned; remove from skillet and set aside.
cook: onion garlic and pepper -> sauted veggies, orig text: Saute onion, garlic and green bell pepper until soft; stir in tomato sauce, saffron, salt and bouillon and return chicken pieces to skillet. 
cook: saute mixture -> hot saute mixture, orig text: Cook for 10 minutes, then add rice and reduce heat to low.
cook: saute stuff and rice -> hot sauted stuff and rice, orig text: Cook for 10 minutes, then add rice and reduce heat to low.
cook: 2 teaspoons olive oil -> hot oil, orig text: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 
cook: chicken in oil -> cooked chicken, orig text: Place chicken in skillet; cook, turning once to brown each side. 
cook: 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green peppers and onions -> cooked tomatoes, orig text: Pour tomatoes into pan; cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly, and incorporating any brown bits from bottom of pan. 
mix: cooked tomatoes -> mixed cooked tomatoes, orig text: Pour tomatoes into pan; cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly, and incorporating any brown bits from bottom of pan. 
mix: sauce -> stirred sauce, orig text: Stir in pesto and artichokes, and return chicken to pan. 
cook: chicken and sauce -> cooked chicken, orig text: Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through.
mix: ingredients -> pulsed ingredients, orig text: Pulse until smooth.
mix: parsley and ingredients -> hummus, orig text: Stir in parsley.  
mix: mixture -> shaken mixture, orig text: Cover the jar with a tight fitting lid, and shake well. 
cook: shaken mixture -> hot dressing, orig text: Remove lid, and heat jar in the microwave for 1 minute just to dissolve the honey. 
cut: 12 ounces ground turkey -> crumbled turkey, orig text: Crumble turkey over mixture and mix just until combined. 
mix: turkey mixture -> mixed turkey mixture, orig text: Crumble turkey over mixture and mix just until combined. 
cut: mixed turkey mixture -> turkey patties, orig text: Shape into four patties. 
cook: turkey patties -> cooked patties, orig text: Cook in a nonstick skillet coated with nonstick cooking spray until no longer pink.
mix: mayonnaise, onion, and seasoning -> mayonnaise mixture, orig text: In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, onion and seasoning salt. 
cut: 1 (1 pound) loaf soft, sliced white bread -> crustless bread, orig text: Remove crusts from bread slices, and spread mayonnaise mixture thinly on each slice. 
do: bread with mayonnaise and asparagus -> sandwiches, orig text: Place a spear onto the slice and roll up. 
cut: sandwiches -> sandwiches, orig text: Cut each roll in half, and arrange on a serving tray. 
cook: seasoned beef -> cooked ground beef, orig text: In a large skillet over medium heat, brown ground beef together with onion, crushed red pepper, garlic powder, and seasoned pepper. 
mix: chili ingredients -> chili, orig text: Stir mushrooms, baked beans, kidney beans with liquid, tomato paste, sugar, carrots, celery, peppers, beer, and barbeque sauce into the slow cooker. 
cook: seasoned chili -> cooked chili, orig text: Cover, and cook on Low for 4 to 5 hours.
mix: cream cheese and butter -> creamy mixture, orig text: Beat together cream cheese and margarine until well blended.  
mix: flour and creamy mixture -> mixture, orig text: Add flour, mixing well. 
do: mixture -> mixture shaped into a ball, orig text: Shape into a ball, cover and chill for 2 hours.
cook: sweet milk -> hot sweet milk, orig text: In saucepan over medium heat, cook sugar and milk, stirring occasionally until milk boils and sugar is dissolved.  
mix: hot sweet milk -> stirred hot sweet milk, orig text: In saucepan over medium heat, cook sugar and milk, stirring occasionally until milk boils and sugar is dissolved.  
do: mixture shaped into a ball -> rolled dough, orig text: Roll out chilled dough on lightly floured surface to a rectangle about 18 X 12 inches.  
cut: rolled dough -> dough rectangles, orig text: Cut in half lengthwise.  
do: dough with filling -> rolled dough with filling, orig text: Spread each piece with milk/nut filling and roll up like a jelly-roll, starting from the long side.
cut: rolled dough with filling -> rolls, orig text: Cut each roll in half. 
cut: rolls -> sliced rolls, orig text: Leaving roll's shape intact, cut into slices 1/2 inch thick almost to the bottom of the roll.
cook: sliced rolls -> baked rolls, orig text: Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes or till done. 
cut: sugary rolls -> cookies, orig text: Cut cookies all the way through. 
mix: stuff -> mashed stuff, orig text: Mash with a fork until smooth. 
mix: seasoned mashed stuff -> avocado tzatziki, orig text: Season with red pepper flakes, cilantro, mint, salt and pepper, and mix well. 
cook: 1 1/2 cups dried black-eyed peas, soaked overnight -> boiled beans, orig text: Bring beans to a slow boil. 
cook: boiled beans -> simmered beans, orig text: Reduce heat to low, and simmer until tender but not mushy (about 35 minutes). 
mix: salad -> tossed salad, orig text: Add the celery, carrots, parsley, white onion, and mint; toss to blend.
mix: dressing -> blended dressing, orig text: For dressing, blend olive oil, orange and lemon juice, garlic, coriander, salt, pepper, and brown sugar in a blender for 6 seconds. 
cook: blended dressing -> cooked dressing, orig text: Transfer to a small saucepan, and simmer over low heat for five minutes. 
cook: 12 ounces chopped raw bacon -> cooked bacon, orig text: Place bacon in a skillet and cook over medium heat until the pieces are browned. 
cook: onions and mushrooms -> cooked onions and mushroom, orig text: Stir in onions and mushrooms, and cook until soft. 
mix: beefy stuff -> mixed loaf, orig text: Stir in cornflake crumbs, and mix until well blended. 
cook: mixed loaf -> baked loaf, orig text: Bake in a preheated oven for 1 hour. 
do: baked loaf -> drained loaf, orig text: Drain fat, and sprinkle with remaining cheese and bacon. 
cook: meatloaf -> meatloaf, orig text: Return to oven, and bake until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes.
mix: burger meat -> mixed meat, orig text: Crumble in the ground beef, and mix together by hand. 
do: mixed meat -> 6 patties, orig text: Form into 6 patties, and wrap a slice of bacon around each one. 
do: bacon patties -> toothpicked patties, orig text: Secure bacon with toothpicks.
cook: toothpicked patties -> grilled burgers, orig text: Place patties on the grill, and cook for 5 minutes per side, or until well done. 
do: grilled burgers -> patties, orig text: Remove toothpicks before serving on hamburger buns.
do: bacon dogs -> secured bacon dogs, orig text: Secure the bacon with a toothpick.
cook: secured bacon dogs -> cooked dogs, orig text: Place hot dogs into a slow cooker on low heat.  
cook: sugary dogs -> cooked dogs, orig text: Pour brown sugar over hot dogs, let cook for 5 to 6 hours; until the bacon is cooked.
do: wrapped weiners -> secured weiners, orig text: Wrap each cocktail wiener with a piece of bacon and secure with a toothpick. 
cook: sugary weiners -> baked weiners, orig text: Bake for 40 minutes in the preheated oven, until the sugar is bubbly. 
cook: 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes -> boiled potatoes, orig text: Place whole potatoes in their skins into a large pot of boiling water; boil for 25 to 30 minutes. 
cut: boiled potatoes -> peeled potatoes, orig text: When cool enough to handle, peel potatoes, and place on a lightly floured surface. 
do: peeled potatoes -> mashed potatoes, orig text: Mash potatoes with a rolling pin.
mix: mashed potato mixture -> kneaded potato dough, orig text: Knead well to form a smooth dough. 
do: kneaded potato dough -> rolled dough, orig text: Then roll out the dough to a thickness of about 1/2 inch. 
cut: rolled dough -> dough noodles, orig text: Cut flattened dough into thin strips, about 1 1/2 inches long. 
do: dough noodles -> stretched strips, orig text: Gently roll out the strips, or stretch them until the ends taper. 
cook: 1/4 cup lard or other cooking fat -> hot lard, orig text: In a large skillet, heat lard over medium heat. 
mix: drink -> stirred drink, orig text: Stir to blend and serve over ice.
cook: saucy chicken -> baked chicken, orig text: Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, then turn the chicken over, and continue cooking until the chicken is tender, and no longer pink, about 20 minutes. 
do: baked chicken -> turned chicken, orig text: Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, then turn the chicken over, and continue cooking until the chicken is tender, and no longer pink, about 20 minutes. 
cook: turned chicken -> baked chicken, orig text: Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, then turn the chicken over, and continue cooking until the chicken is tender, and no longer pink, about 20 minutes. 
do: baked chicken -> basted chicken, orig text: Baste with sauce frequently while baking.
cook: spicy mix -> heated mix, orig text: In a saucepan, heat milk, brown sugar, butter, salt and cinnamon. 
cook: oatmeal -> cooked oatmeal, orig text: Cover and bake at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes.
mix: chicken in mixture -> coated chicken, orig text: Place chicken in mixture and turn to coat. 
do: coated chicken -> chicken marinade, orig text: Cover and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. 
cook: chicken with crumbs -> cooked chicken, orig text: Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 45 minutes or until juices run clear.
mix: beef, crackers, milk -> beef, crackers, milk, orig text: In a large bowl, mix together the ground beef, saltine crackers and milk. 
mix: beef mixture -> beef mixture, orig text: Season with garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper, and mix until well blended. 
do: beef mixture covered with plastic wrap -> beef mixture covered with plastic wrap, orig text: Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate 8 to 10 hours, or overnight.
do: beef mixture -> beef mixture, orig text: Remove plastic wrap from meat, and rub flour over the top side of the beef. 
do: beef with flour -> beef with flour, orig text: Flip out of the pan onto waxed paper, and rub flour on the other side as well. 
cut: beef with flour -> cut beef, orig text: Cut into pieces (I use a pizza cutter).
cook: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil -> heated oil, orig text: Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. 
cook: cut beef -> fried beef, orig text: Fry the meat until browned on each side, turning only once. 
mix: gravy -> mixed gravy, orig text: In a medium bowl, mix together the water, condensed soup, and gravy mix. 
do: beef with gravy covered with foil -> beef with gravy covered with foil, orig text: Cover the dish loosely with aluminum foil.
cook: beef with gravy covered with foil -> cooked beef, orig text: Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven. 
cook: lightly salted water -> boiled water, orig text: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. 
cook: pasta and water -> cooked pasta, orig text: Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
cook: 1 pound lean ground beef (optional) -> browned beef, orig text: In a large skillet, brown beef over medium heat. 
do: browned beef -> drained fat, orig text: Drain fat from pan, and transfer meat to a bowl. 
cook: onion, pepper, butter -> onion, pepper, butter, orig text: In the same skillet, cook onion and bell pepper in butter until tender. 
mix: veggies and beef -> veggies and beef, orig text: Stir in tomatoes, mushrooms, olives, and  beef, and season with oregano. 
cook: veggies and beef -> cooked veggies and beef, orig text: Simmer for 10 minutes.
mix: soup and broth -> soup and broth, orig text: Mix together soup and beef broth until smooth, and pour over casserole. 
cook: casserole -> cooked casserole, orig text: Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until heated through.
cook: broth and rice -> cooked broth and rice, orig text: Cover and bake at 375 degrees F for 10 minutes. 
cook: fish fillets -> baked fish fillets, orig text: Cover and bake 20-25 minutes longer or until the fish flakes easily with a fork. 
cook: fish fillets topped with cheese -> baked fish and rice, orig text: Return to the oven for 3 minutes or until cheese is melted.
mix: cream mixture -> cream mixture, orig text: In a large bowl, beat together eggs, milk, cream, vanilla and cinnamon. 
do: slices with mixture -> covered bread, orig text: Pour over bread slices, cover, and refrigerate overnight.
cook: topping -> heated topping, orig text: In a small saucepan, combine butter, brown sugar and corn syrup; heat until bubbling. 
cook: unbaked french toast -> french toast, orig text: Bake in preheated oven, uncovered, for 40 minutes.
cook: 1 teaspoon olive oil -> heated oil, orig text: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in zucchini, onion, and garlic. Cook and stir 5 minutes or until tender. 
mix: zucchini, onion, and garlic in oil -> zucchini, onion, and garlic in oil, orig text: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in zucchini, onion, and garlic. Cook and stir 5 minutes or until tender. 
cook: zucchini, onion, and garlic in oil -> cooked zucchini, onion, and garlic, orig text: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in zucchini, onion, and garlic. Cook and stir 5 minutes or until tender. 
mix: vegetables and spices -> vegetables and spices, orig text: Remove saucepan from heat and mix in tomatoes, basil, salt, and pepper.
cook: uncooked steaks -> cooked steaks, orig text: Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
do: 6 center cut pork chops, trimmed of any visible fat -> rinsed pork, orig text: Rinse pork chops, pat dry, and season with garlic powder and seasoning salt to taste. 
cook: 2 tablespoons olive oil -> heated olive oil, orig text: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 
cook: pork chops -> fried pork chops, orig text: Fry the pork chops 5 minutes per side, or until the breading appears well browned. 
do: fried pork chops -> covered pork chops, orig text: Transfer the chops to a 9x13 inch baking dish, and cover with foil.
cook: covered pork chops -> baked pork chops, orig text: Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour. 
do: pork chops and sauce -> pork chops, orig text: Replace foil, and bake for another 30 minutes.
cook: pork chops -> baked pork chops, orig text: Replace foil, and bake for another 30 minutes.
mix: herbs and butter -> herbs and butter, orig text: Add butter; toss to coat evenly.
do: 1 (3 pound) salmon fillet -> non-sticked salmon, orig text: Spray with nonstick cooking spray and pat with bread crumb mixture. 
cook: salmon with topping -> baked salmon with herbs, orig text: Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees F for 35-40 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork.
cook: 1 spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise and seeded -> baked squash, orig text: Bake squash 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife can be easily inserted. 
cook: onion and garlic -> sauteed onion and garlic, orig text: Over medium heat, saute the onion and garlic until golden brown. 
mix: sauce -> sauce, orig text: Stir in tomatoes, basil, bouillon cube, and black pepper. 
cook: sauce -> sauce, orig text: Cook for about 15 minutes, or until you have a medium thick sauce.
do: shells -> layered spaghetti, orig text: Repeat layers until shells are full, or until all of the ingredients are used. 
cook: shells with cheese -> baked spaghetti squash, orig text: Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until Parmesan cheese melts.
mix: butter and sugar -> creamed butter and sugar, orig text: In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and brown sugar together until fluffy. 
mix: mixed stuff -> well-mixed stuff, orig text: Add bananas, milk, vanilla and eggs; mix well. 
mix: batter -> blended batter, orig text: Stir in flour, bran, baking powder, soda and salt; blend just until moistened. 
cook: batter with walnuts -> baked muffins, orig text: Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean. 
mix: dry ingredients -> mixed dry ingredients, orig text: Mix thoroughly, and make a well in the center.
mix: 1 egg -> beaten egg, orig text: Beat the egg in a small bowl until frothy.  
mix: batter -> moistened batter, orig text: Stir only to moisten.  
cook: moistened batter -> muffins, orig text: Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes.
mix: dry stuff -> sifted dry stuff, orig text: In a bowl, sift together the flour, light brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt. 
mix: wet buttery stuff -> dough, orig text: Sprinkle with the ice water, and toss the mixture with a fork until evenly moistened. 
cook: 1 cup skim milk -> bubbling milk, orig text: In the top half of a double boiler, heat the milk until it begins to bubble. 
mix: sweet milk -> egg mixture, orig text: In a bowl, beat together the egg whites, sugar, and 1 tablespoon of the hot milk. 
cook: milky egg mix -> hot milky egg mixture, orig text: Cook and stir without boiling about 10 minutes, until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a metal spoon. 
do: dough -> rolled dough, orig text: On a floured surface, roll the tart dough out to 1/4 inch thickness. 
cut: rolled dough -> trimmed dough, orig text: Trim the edges, and pierce the bottom with a fork. 
do: trimmed dough -> trimmed dough pierced with fork, orig text: Trim the edges, and pierce the bottom with a fork. 
cook: trimmed dough pierced with fork -> crust, orig text: Bake 15 to 18 minutes in the preheated oven, until golden brown. 
cook: crust with filling -> baked crust and filling, orig text: Bake 18 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven. 
mix: banana mix -> blended banana mix, orig text: In a mixing bowl, beat bananas, sugar, oil and eggs until well blended. 
cook: bar batter -> unfrosted bars, orig text: Bake at 350 degrees F for 25-30 minutes; cool.
mix: frosting mix -> frosting, orig text: Add orange juice and peel and beat until smooth. 
mix: beer and worcestershire mx -> stirred beer mix, orig text: Pour in beer, stir and add to roasting pan. 
cook: wet beef with sauce -> cooked meat, orig text: Cover and cook in oven at 275 degrees F (135 degrees C) for 4 to 5 hours.
cut: cooked meat -> shredded meat, orig text: When meat is cooked, shred meat with 2 forks, add barbecue sauce and mix well.
cut: 1 large onion -> quartered onion, orig text: Quarter onion. 
cut: 3 stalks celery, including some leaves -> celery chunks, orig text: Chop scrubbed celery and carrot into 1 inch chunks. 
cut: 1 large carrot -> carrot chunks, orig text: Chop scrubbed celery and carrot into 1 inch chunks. 
cook: chicken stock stuff in water -> boiled chicken stock stuff, orig text: Bring to a boil.  
cook: boiled chicken stock stuff -> simmered chicken stock stuff, orig text: Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 1 hour.
do: chicken juice -> strained stock, orig text: Strain stock. 
do: strained stock -> strained skimmed stock, orig text: Skim fat off the surface.
cook: chicken stock and egg stuff -> hot chicken stock and egg stuff, orig text: Add to strained stock, and bring to a boil.  
do: hot chicken stock and egg stuff -> strained again stock, orig text: Strain again through a sieve lined with cheesecloth.
cook: syrup stuff -> hot syrup stuff, orig text: Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer until sugar is dissolved.
do: boiled syrup stuff -> strained syrup, orig text: Remove pandan leaves and strain the syrup. 
mix: burger stuff -> mixed burger stuff, orig text: In a bowl, mix the ground beef, Worcestershire sauce, basil, garlic salt, and pepper. 
cut: mixed burger stuff -> burger patties, orig text: Form the mixture into 4 burger patties.
cook: burger patties -> cooked burgers, orig text: Lightly oil the grill grate, and cook burgers about 6 minutes, turning once, to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), or to desired doneness. 
mix: sauce -> mixed sauce, orig text: In a large bowl, mix the teriyaki sauce, oyster sauce, soy sauce, ketchup, garlic powder, gin, liquid smoke, and sugar. 
cook: chicken -> grilled wings, orig text: Grill the chicken wings on one side for 20 minutes, then turn and brush with honey. 
cook: honey wings -> hot honey wings, orig text: Continue grilling 25 minutes, or until juices run clear.
mix: sauce -> mixed sauce, orig text: In a large bowl, mix barbeque sauce, teriyaki sauce, beer, garlic, ginger, onion, black pepper, and salt. 
cook: marinade -> basting sauce, orig text: Bring to a boil, and cook for 5 minutes. 
cook: roast -> grilled roast, orig text: Cook the roast for two hours, or until the internal temperature of the roast is at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). 
do: 8 medium beets -> Washed beets, orig text: Wash beets, and place in a roasting pan. 
cook: Washed beets -> Cooked Beats, orig text: Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until tender. Set aside to cool.
cook: 1 pound unsalted butter -> Melted Butter, orig text: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. 
cook: Mixed Veggies -> Cooked Veggies, orig text: Stir in onion, pears, sugar, and vinegar; cook, stirring frequently, for 20 minutes.
do: Cooked Beats -> peeled beets, orig text: When the beets are cool enough to handle, peel and coursely chop.
cut: peeled beets -> Chopped Beats, orig text: When the beets are cool enough to handle, peel and coursely chop.
mix: Cooked Veggies -> Pureed Veggies, orig text: Puree onion mixture in a food processor with metal blade. 
mix: Puree -> Puree, orig text: Add salt and 1/2 of the beets; pulse 4 to 5 times. 
mix: Mix -> Puree, orig text: Add remaining beets, and pulse 2 to 3 times.
cut: Dough -> cookie drops, orig text: Drop dough by rounded teaspoons onto ungreased cookie sheets.
cook: cookie drops -> cookies, orig text: Bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until light brown. 
do: 2 eggs -> eggs covered in water, orig text: Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. 
cook: eggs covered in water -> boiled eggs, orig text: Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. 
do: boiled eggs -> peeled eggs, orig text: Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop finely.
cut: peeled eggs -> chopped eggs, orig text: Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop finely.
mix: Salad -> Salad, orig text: Mix thoroughly.
cook: 1 (16 ounce) package macaroni -> cooked pasta, orig text: In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water and drain.
do: cooked pasta -> rinsed pasta, orig text: In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water and drain.
mix: pasta mix -> mixed pasta, orig text: In a large bowl, combine the pasta, mayonnaise and mix well. 
mix: pasta mix -> pasta mix, orig text: Mix well. 
mix: Mixture of butter -> mixed butter, orig text: In a large bowl, cream together the butter, butter flavored shortening, brown sugar, white sugar, eggs, and vanilla until smooth. 
mix: dough -> dough, orig text: Combine the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and salt; stir into the sugar mixture. 
cook: finished dough -> baked cookies, orig text: Bake 10 to 12 minutes until light and golden. 
do: 3 1/2 cups unbleached bread flour -> flour with a well, orig text: Make a well in the center, and pour in the yeast mixture and cold water. 
mix: water yeast flour -> dough, orig text: Use a sturdy spoon to mix it together until sticky and difficult to stir, but nevertheless thoroughly combined. 
cook: 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil -> hot oil, orig text: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. 
cook: 1 medium onion, sliced -> cooked onion, orig text: Place the onion in the skillet, and cook until tender. 
cook: stuff in skillet -> cooked stuff, orig text: Cook and stir until tomatoes are tender. 
cook: chicken and sauce -> cooked chicken, orig text: Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and continue cooking 45 minutes, stirring occasionally, until chicken juices run clear.
cook: water + rice -> cooking rice, orig text: Bring the water and rice to a boil in a large pot. 
cook: seasoned rice -> cooked rice, orig text: Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
cook: 2 teaspoons olive oil -> heated oil, orig text: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.  
cook: onion oil -> cooked onion, orig text: Stir in onion, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes.  
cook: beans + corn -> cooked beans, orig text: Cook until heated through, about 3 minutes.
cook: 2 tablespoons butter, divided -> melted butter, orig text: Melt 2 teaspoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat.  
cook: 1 tablespoon olive oil -> heated oil, orig text: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. 
cook: veggie mix -> cooked veggies, orig text: Sautee the onion, red bell peppers, jalapeno, mushrooms, tomatoes and corn for 10 minutes or until the onions are translucent. 
cook: beans and broth -> cooked food, orig text: bring to a boil.
mix: 1 1/2 cups of soup -> puree, orig text: Remove 1 1/2 cups of the soup to food processor or blender; puree and stir the bean mixture back into the soup. 
cook: 8 lasagna noodles, uncooked -> cooked lasagna, orig text: Cook lasagna noodles according to package directions, omitting salt and fat; drain well.
do: beans and cheese -> rolled noodles, orig text: Roll up noodles, jellyroll fashion, beginning at narrow ends.
cook: rolled noodles -> baked lasagna, orig text: Cover and bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or until thoroughly heated.
do: 1 (21 ounce) can cherry pie filling -> filling spread evenly in dish, orig text: Dump cherry pie filling into dish and spread evenly. 
cook: buttery nut cake -> baked cake, orig text: Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes.
cook: butter oil -> hot butter oil, orig text: Heat oil and butter in a large skillet over high heat. 
cook: buttery tuna -> one-sided tuna, orig text: Cook on one side for 3 to 4 minutes, or until blackened. 
do: one-sided tuna -> flipped steaks, orig text: Turn steaks, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or to desired doneness.
cook: flipped steaks -> blackened tuna, orig text: Turn steaks, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or to desired doneness.
mix: seasoned salad -> tossed salad, orig text: Toss until all the ingredients are thoroughly coated with the dressing. 
cook: 5 tablespoons butter -> melted butter, orig text: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 
cook: garlicy wine -> hot garlicy wine, orig text: Stir in garlic and wine, and cook for 1 minute.  
cook: steak in sauce -> cooked steak, orig text: Arrange steaks in pan, and cook for 5 to 10 minutes per side, or until desired doneness. 
cook: brandy steak -> flamed steak, orig text: Pour brandy onto steaks, and carefully light with a match. 
cook: decorated steak -> final steak, orig text: Cook, stirring sauce, until hot. 
mix: pudding mix -> mixed pudding, orig text: Mix well. 
cook: mixed pudding -> baked pudding, orig text: Bake in preheated oven until golden and firm to touch, about 35 minutes. 
cut: baked pudding -> pudding squares, orig text: Leave in baking pan to cool, then cut into squares.
