../annotated_recipes/1-Pot-3-Bean-Chicken-Stew.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/1-Pot-3-Bean-Chicken-Stew.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 tablespoon canola oil.
1 3/4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast or thighs, cut in chunks.
1 large yellow onion, chopped.
1 cup sliced celery.
1 cup thinly sliced carrots.
3 cups no-salt-added chopped tomatoes.
1 (14.25 ounce) can fat-free, less-sodium chicken broth.
1 (15 ounce) can no-salt-added black beans.
1 (15 ounce) can no salt-added navy beans.
1 (15 ounce) can no salt-added kidney beans.
1 cup dry red wine.
1 bay leaf.
1 tablespoon Italian herbs.
1 cup smoked chicken breast, cubed.
1 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped.
1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped.
Put 1 tablespoon canola oil in large pot.
Cook 1 tablespoon canola oil with large pot to create heated oil, manner: heat oil.
Combine heated oil, 1 3/4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast or thighs, cut in chunks to create oil and chicken.
Cook oil and chicken with large pot to create browned chicken, manner: brown chicken.
Separate browned chicken and chicken to create chicken and heated oil.
Leave chicken.
Combine heated oil, 1 large yellow onion, chopped to create onion in oil.
Cook onion in oil with large pot to create onions in oil, manner: saute until soft, about 5 minutes.
Combine 1 (15 ounce) can no-salt-added black beans, 3 cups no-salt-added chopped tomatoes, 1 (15 ounce) can no salt-added navy beans, 1 (15 ounce) can no salt-added kidney beans, chicken, 1 cup thinly sliced carrots, onions in oil, 1 (14.25 ounce) can fat-free, less-sodium chicken broth, 1 cup sliced celery, 1 tablespoon Italian herbs, 1 cup smoked chicken breast, cubed, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 bay leaf to create stew.
Set large pot on cover pot.
Cook stew with large pot to create cooked stew, manner: simmer for 40 minutes.
salt and pepper.
Combine 1 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, salt and pepper, cooked stew to create cooked stew.
Cook cooked stew with large pot to create finished stew, manner: simmer 5 minutes.
Serve finished stew.





../annotated_recipes/A-1-Chicken-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/A-1-Chicken-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil.
2 skinless chicken leg quarters.
1/2 cup chopped onion.
2 quarts water.
3 cubes  chicken bouillon, crumbled.
1 stalk celery, chopped.
3 carrots, chopped.
1 clove roasted garlic, minced.
salt and pepper to taste.
1 (12 ounce) package thin egg noodles.
Combine 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 skinless chicken leg quarters to create chicken pieces in oil.
Put chicken pieces in oil in large pot.
Cook chicken pieces in oil with large pot to create cooked chicken pieces, manner: medium heat until browned on both sides.
Combine 1/2 cup chopped onion, cooked chicken pieces to create chicken, onion.
Mix chicken, onion with large pot to create chicken, onion, manner: Stir.
Cook chicken, onion with large pot to create cooked chicken, onion, manner: 2 minutes.
Combine 3 cubes  chicken bouillon, crumbled, cooked chicken, onion, 2 quarts water to create chicken, onion, water, bouillon.
Cook chicken, onion, water, bouillon with large pot to create Boiled stuff, manner: bring to a boil.
Set large pot on reduce heat.
Cook Boiled stuff with large pot to create stuff in pot, manner: simmer 45 minutes.
Combine stuff in pot, 3 carrots, chopped, 1 clove roasted garlic, minced, salt and pepper to taste, 1 stalk celery, chopped to create soup.
Mix soup with large pot to create Stirred soup, manner: stir.
Cook Stirred soup with large pot to create soup, manner: simmer until carrots are tender.
Separate soup and chicken pieces to create chicken pieces and rest of soup.
Separate chicken pieces and meat to create meat and bones, manner: pull the meat from the bone.
Combine rest of soup, 1 (12 ounce) package thin egg noodles to create meatless soup.
Cook meatless soup with large pot to create meatless soup, manner: cook until tender, 10 minutes.
Combine meat, meatless soup to create soup.
Serve soup.





../annotated_recipes/A-Surprise-Inside-French-Toast.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/A-Surprise-Inside-French-Toast.rcp_tagged.xml:
6 (2 inch thick) slices French bread.
1/4 cup ricotta cheese.
1/4 cup cottage cheese, whipped.
2 tablespoons lowfat cream cheese.
2 teaspoons white sugar.
2 teaspoons vanilla extract.
3 cups egg substitute.
1/4 cup evaporated milk.
Chop 6 (2 inch thick) slices French bread to create French bread slices with pockets, manner: cut a pocket.
Taking French bread slices with pockets to create French bread slices with open pockets, manner: open pockets.
Combine 1/4 cup ricotta cheese, 1/4 cup cottage cheese, whipped, 2 tablespoons lowfat cream cheese to create cheeses.
Put cheeses in large bowl.
Combine 2 teaspoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, cheeses to create mixture.
Mix mixture with electric mixer to create beat mixture, manner: beat.
Check beat mixture for smooth.
Combine French bread slices with open pockets, beat mixture to create stuffed bread, manner: spread mixture into pocket.
Combine 3 cups egg substitute, 1/4 cup evaporated milk to create milk and eggs.
Mix milk and eggs with electric mixer to create beaten milk and eggs, manner: beat.
Combine beaten milk and eggs, stuffed bread to create stuffed bread dipped in egg, manner: dip.
Set oven on medium-high heat.
cooking spray.
Put cooking spray in nonstick pan.
Cook stuffed bread dipped in egg with nonstick pan to create toast, manner: 3 to 4 minutes per side.
Check toast for golden brown.





../annotated_recipes/A-Very-Intense-Fruit-Smoothie.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/A-Very-Intense-Fruit-Smoothie.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 (10 ounce) package frozen mixed berries.
1 (15 ounce) can sliced peaches, drained.
2 tablespoons honey.
Combine 2 tablespoons honey, 1 (10 ounce) package frozen mixed berries, 1 (15 ounce) can sliced peaches, drained to create fruit and honey.
Put fruit and honey in blender.
Mix fruit and honey with blender to create smoothie, manner: blend.
Check smoothie for smooth.





../annotated_recipes/Aaahh-Potato-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Aaahh-Potato-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml:
2 Yukon Gold potatoes, cubed.
1 (5.5 ounce) package au gratin instant potato mix.
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed chicken broth.
1 1/2 cups water.
1 cup heavy cream.
Combine 2 Yukon Gold potatoes, cubed, 1 (5.5 ounce) package au gratin instant potato mix, 1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed chicken broth, 1 1/2 cups water to create potatoes, mix, broth, water.
Put potatoes, mix, broth, water in large pot.
more water (if necessary).
Combine potatoes, mix, broth, water, more water (if necessary) to create mixture with more water if necessary, manner: Add more water if necessary.
Cook mixture with more water if necessary with large pot to create warm mixture, manner: medium heat, 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Check warm mixture for potatoes are tender.
Combine 1 cup heavy cream, warm mixture to create soup, manner: stir.
Cook soup with large pot to create cooked soup, manner: heat through.
Serve cooked soup.





../annotated_recipes/Absolutely-Awesome-BBQ-Sauce.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Absolutely-Awesome-BBQ-Sauce.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 cup brown sugar.
1/2 cup chile sauce.
1/2 cup rum.
1/4 cup soy sauce.
1/4 cup ketchup.
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce.
2 cloves garlic, crushed.
1 teaspoon ground dry mustard.
ground black pepper to taste.
Combine ground black pepper to taste, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon ground dry mustard, 1 cup brown sugar, 1/2 cup chile sauce, 1/2 cup rum, 1/4 cup soy sauce to create bbq sauce.
Mix bbq sauce with saucepan to create stirred sauce, manner: stir.
Cook stirred sauce with saucepan to create heated sauce, manner: simmer 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Leave heated sauce, cool and refrigerate.





../annotated_recipes/Adobo-Chicken-with-Ginger.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Adobo-Chicken-with-Ginger.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 (3 pound) whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces.
1/2 cup soy sauce.
3/4 cup distilled white vinegar.
1 bulb garlic, peeled and crushed.
2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh ginger root.
2 bay leaves.
1/2 tablespoon black peppercorns.
Combine 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh ginger root, 2 bay leaves, 1/2 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 (3 pound) whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 3/4 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 bulb garlic, peeled and crushed to create everything.
Put everything in Dutch oven.
Cook everything with Dutch oven to create boiled everything, manner: bring to a boil over medium heat.
Check boiled everything for if boiled, reduce heat to simmer.
Set Dutch oven on cover the pot.
Cook boiled everything with Dutch oven to create simmered everything, manner: simmer 30 minutes, basting the chicken occasionally.
Set Dutch oven on remove lid.
Cook simmered everything with Dutch oven to create cooked chicken, manner: cook until liquid has reduced to half.
Separate cooked chicken and chicken to create chicken and liquid.
Put chicken in serving plate.
Separate liquid and liquid to create liquid and food particles, manner: strain the liquid from the pot to remove all food particles.
Leave liquid, set aside.
Serve chicken, serve chicken hot over steamed rice and drizzle with liquid.





../annotated_recipes/Adriennes-Tom-Ka-Gai.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Adriennes-Tom-Ka-Gai.rcp_tagged.xml:
2 teaspoons peanut oil.
2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced.
2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger root.
1/4 cup chopped lemon grass.
2 teaspoons crushed red pepper.
1 teaspoon ground coriander.
1 teaspoon ground cumin.
1 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into thin strips.
1 onion, thinly sliced.
2 cups bok choy, shredded.
4 cups water.
1 (10 ounce) can coconut milk.
1/4 cup fish sauce.
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro.
Put 2 teaspoons peanut oil in large saucepan.
Cook 2 teaspoons peanut oil with large saucepan to create heated peanut oil, manner: medium heat.
Combine heated peanut oil, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger root, 1/4 cup chopped lemon grass to create oil and spices.
Cook oil and spices with large saucepan to create fragrant spices, manner: cook until fragrant, 2 minutes.
Combine fragrant spices, 1 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into thin strips, 1 onion, thinly sliced to create chicken, onion, spices, manner: stir.
Cook chicken, onion, spices with large saucepan to create cooked chicken, onion, spices, manner: cook, stirring, 5 minutes, until chicken is white and onion is translucent.
Combine 2 cups bok choy, shredded, cooked chicken, onion, spices to create chicken, onion, spices, bok choy, manner: stir.
Cook chicken, onion, spices, bok choy with large saucepan to create chicken, onion, spices, bok choy, manner: cook 5 to 10 minutes, until bok choy begins to wilt.
Combine chicken, onion, spices, bok choy, 1/4 cup fish sauce, 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 4 cups water, 1 (10 ounce) can coconut milk to create everything, manner: stir.
Cook everything with large saucepan to create tom ka gai, manner: simmer until chicken is thoroughly cooked, 30 minutes.
Serve tom ka gai.





../annotated_recipes/Alaskan-Halibut-Lasagna.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Alaskan-Halibut-Lasagna.rcp_tagged.xml:
6 tablespoons butter or margarine, divided.
1 1/2 pounds halibut steaks, bones removed and cut into 1 inch cubes.
2 garlic cloves, minced.
3/4 teaspoon dried thyme.
1/3 cup all-purpose flour.
1/2 teaspoon salt.
1 1/2 cups chicken broth.
1 cup heavy whipping cream.
8 ounces lasagna noodles, cooked and drained.
2 cups shredded Swiss cheese.
Minced fresh parsley.
Separate 6 tablespoons butter or margarine, divided and 4 tablespoons butter to create 4 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons butter.
Cook 2 tablespoons butter with large skillet to create melted butter, manner: medium heat, melt butter.
Combine 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 1/2 pounds halibut steaks, bones removed and cut into 1 inch cubes, 2 garlic cloves, minced, melted butter to create butter, halibut, garlic, thyme.
Cook butter, halibut, garlic, thyme with large skillet to create cooked halibut, manner: cook 10 minutes, until fish flakes easily with a fork.
Remove cooked halibut from large skillet.
Leave cooked halibut.
Put 4 tablespoons butter in large skillet.
Combine 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons butter to create butter, flour, salt.
Mix butter, flour, salt with large skillet to create butter, flour, salt, manner: stir until smooth.
Cook butter, flour, salt with large skillet to create cooked butter, flour, salt, manner: cook and stir until golden brown.
Combine 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, cooked butter, flour, salt to create butter, flour, salt, broth, cream, manner: gradually add broth and cream.
Cook butter, flour, salt, broth, cream with large skillet to create cooked lasagna filling, manner: bring to a boil, cook and stir for 2 minutes until thickened.
Set 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish on grease.
Separate 8 ounces lasagna noodles, cooked and drained and 4 ounces of lasagna noodles to create 4 ounces of lasagna noodles and 4 ounces of lasagna noodles.
Separate 2 cups shredded Swiss cheese and 1 cup cheese to create 1 cup cheese and 1 cup cheese.
Separate cooked halibut and half of halibut to create half of halibut and half of halibut.
Separate cooked lasagna filling and half of white sauce to create half of white sauce and half of white sauce.
Combine 1 cup cheese, 4 ounces of lasagna noodles, half of white sauce, half of halibut to create first layer, manner: layer ingredients.
Combine 4 ounces of lasagna noodles, first layer, half of white sauce, half of halibut, 1 cup cheese to create uncooked lasagna, manner: layer ingredients on top of first layer.
Set oven on 350 degrees.
Put uncooked lasagna in 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish.
Set 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish on cover pot.
Cook uncooked lasagna with 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish to create half cooked lasagna, manner: bake for 20 minutes.
Set 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish on uncover pot.
Cook half cooked lasagna with 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish to create cooked lasagna, manner: bake 20 minutes or until bubbly.
Leave cooked lasagna, let stand 15 minutes.
Combine cooked lasagna, Minced fresh parsley to create finished lasagna, manner: sprinkle with parsley.
Serve finished lasagna.





../annotated_recipes/Alisons-Slow-Cooker-Vegetable-Beef-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Alisons-Slow-Cooker-Vegetable-Beef-Soup.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 1/2 pounds cubed beef stew meat.
2 cups water.
1 small onion, chopped.
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes.
1 (16 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables.
2 potatoes, peeled and cubed.
10 cubes beef bouillon, crumbled.
2 teaspoons ground black pepper.
1 tablespoon salt.
1 tablespoon dried basil.
Put 1 1/2 pounds cubed beef stew meat in slow cooker.
Combine 1 1/2 pounds cubed beef stew meat, 2 cups water to create beef and water.
Combine 1 (16 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables, 2 potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 small onion, chopped, beef and water, 1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes to create beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes.
Put beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes in slow cooker.
Mix beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes with slow cooker to create beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes, manner: Stir.
Combine 1 tablespoon salt, 10 cubes beef bouillon, crumbled, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, beef, water, onion, tomatoes, veg, potatoes, 1 tablespoon dried basil to create everything, manner: season.
Cook everything with slow cooker to create cooked stew, manner: cook on low 8 hours.
Serve cooked stew.





../annotated_recipes/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Almond-Apricot-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml:
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour.
1/2 cup sugar.
1/2 cup packed brown sugar.
3 teaspoons baking powder.
1 teaspoon salt.
2 (4 ounce) jars apricot baby food, divided.
1 egg.
3/4 cup milk.
3 tablespoons vegetable oil.
1 teaspoon almond extract.
2/3 cup sliced almonds, coarsely chopped.
1/2 cup diced dried apricots.
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar.
1 teaspoon milk.
1/8 teaspoon almond extract.
Combine 1 teaspoon salt, 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup packed brown sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder to create flour, sugars, baking powder, salt.
Put flour, sugars, baking powder, salt in large bowl.
Mix flour, sugars, baking powder, salt with large bowl to create flour, sugars, baking powder, salt.
Separate 2 (4 ounce) jars apricot baby food, divided and 1 tablespoon baby food to create 1 tablespoon baby food and rest of baby food.
Combine 1 egg, 3/4 cup milk, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon almond extract, rest of baby food to create egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food.
Put egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food in medium bowl.
Mix egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food with medium bowl to create egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food, manner: beat.
Combine flour, sugars, baking powder, salt, egg, milk, oil, extract, baby food to create almost everything.
Mix almost everything with large bowl to create almost everything, manner: stir just until moistened.
Combine almost everything, 2/3 cup sliced almonds, coarsely chopped, 1/2 cup diced dried apricots to create dough, manner: fold in almonds and apricots.
Set 9-in. x 5-in. x 3-in. loaf pan on grease pan.
Put dough in 9-in. x 5-in. x 3-in. loaf pan.
Set oven on 350 degrees.
Cook dough with oven to create almond bread, manner: bake 55-65 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.
Leave almond bread, cool 10 minutes.
Remove almond bread from 9-in. x 5-in. x 3-in. loaf pan.
Put almond bread in wire rack.
Combine 1 tablespoon baby food, 1/8 teaspoon almond extract, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon milk to create unmixed glaze.
Put unmixed glaze in small bowl.
Mix unmixed glaze with small bowl to create glaze, manner: stir until smooth.
Combine glaze, almond bread to create almond apricot bread, manner: drizzle glaze over cooled bread.
Serve almond apricot bread.





../annotated_recipes/Almond-Buttercrunch.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Almond-Buttercrunch.rcp_tagged.xml:
3/4 cup butter.
2 cups white sugar.
1 cup chopped almonds.
2 cups milk chocolate chips.
1/2 cup finely chopped almonds.
Combine 3/4 cup butter, 2 cups white sugar, 1 cup chopped almonds to create butter, sugar, almonds.
Mix butter, sugar, almonds with saucepan to create butter, sugar, almonds.
Cook butter, sugar, almonds with saucepan to create butter, sugar, almonds, manner: low heat.
Cook butter, sugar, almonds with saucepan to create boiled almond mixture, manner: stir until mixture boils.
Cook boiled almond mixture with saucepan to create almond syrup, manner: heat to 300 to 310 degrees.
Check almond syrup for a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms hard, brittle threads.
Set large cookie sheet on butter cookie sheet.
Remove almond syrup from saucepan.
Put almond syrup in large cookie sheet.
Combine almond syrup, 2 cups milk chocolate chips to create almond syrup with chocolate, manner: press chocolate chips onto hot candy.
Taking almond syrup with chocolate to create almond-chocolate coating over candy, manner: spread chocolate into a coating over candy.
Combine 1/2 cup finely chopped almonds, almond-chocolate coating over candy to create almond buttercrunch, manner: sprinkle almonds over the top.
Leave almond buttercrunch, let cool.
Chop almond buttercrunch to create broken pieces, manner: break into uneven pieces.
Serve broken pieces.





../annotated_recipes/Anzac-Biscuits-I.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Anzac-Biscuits-I.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 cup quick cooking oats.
3/4 cup flaked coconut.
1 cup all-purpose flour.
1 teaspoon baking soda.
1 cup white sugar.
1/2 cup butter.
1 tablespoon golden syrup.
2 tablespoons boiling water.
Combine 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup quick cooking oats, 3/4 cup flaked coconut, 1 cup all-purpose flour to create mixed dry stuff, manner: mix.
Combine 1/2 cup butter, 1 tablespoon golden syrup to create syrup and butter.
Cook syrup and butter with small saucepan to create melted butter and syrup, manner: melt together.
Combine 2 tablespoons boiling water, 1 teaspoon baking soda to create soda and water, manner: mix.
Combine melted butter and syrup, soda and water to create mixed hot stuff, manner: add soda and water to the melted butter and syrup.
Combine mixed dry stuff, mixed hot stuff to create final mixture, manner: add mixed hot stuff to the dry ingredients.
Chop final mixture with teaspoon to create teaspoons of mixture.
Put teaspoons of mixture in greased cookie sheets or baking paper.
Cook teaspoons of mixture with oven to create baked biscuits, manner: Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 18 to 20 minutes.





../annotated_recipes/Apple-Blueberry-Tarts.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Apple-Blueberry-Tarts.rcp_tagged.xml:
2 medium cooking apples, peeled, cored, and chopped.
2/3 cup fresh or frozen blueberries.
1 tablespoon heat-stable granular sugar substitute.
1/2 teaspoon apple pie spice or ground allspice.
1 1/3 cups whole wheat pastry flour.
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt.
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil.
3 tablespoons low-fat milk.
Combine 2 medium cooking apples, peeled, cored, and chopped, 2/3 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, 1 tablespoon heat-stable granular sugar substitute, 1/2 teaspoon apple pie spice or ground allspice to create fruit, sugar, and allspice.
Put fruit, sugar, and allspice in medium bowl.
1/8 teaspoon apple pie spice.
Combine 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 1/3 cups whole wheat pastry flour, 1/8 teaspoon apple pie spice to create flour mixture.
Mix flour mixture with another medium bowl to create stirred flour mixture, manner: stir together.
Combine 3 tablespoons low-fat milk, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, stirred flour mixture to create wet flour mixture, manner: add oil and milk all at once.
Mix wet flour mixture to create dough, manner: stir lightly with fork until dough comes together.
Chop dough to create 6 portions of dough, manner: divide.
Taking 6 portions of dough with six 1/2- to 4-inch tart pans with removable bottoms to create pastry-lined pans, manner: press one dough portion on the bottom and up the side of each tart pan.
Combine pastry-lined pans, fruit, sugar, and allspice to create unbaked fruit tarts, manner: divide fruit mixture among pastry-lined pans.
Put unbaked fruit tarts in six 1/2- to 4-inch tart pans with removable bottoms.
Set six 1/2- to 4-inch tart pans with removable bottoms on place large piece of foil over, press down lightly around the edges to seal.
Cook unbaked fruit tarts with oven to create half baked tarts, manner: bake at 375 degrees F for 20 minutes.
Set six 1/2- to 4-inch tart pans with removable bottoms on remove foil.
Cook half baked tarts with oven to create hot tarts, manner: bake about 20 minutes more or until fruit is tender.
Leave hot tarts, let cool in tart pans on a wire rack for 15 minutes.
Set six 1/2- to 4-inch tart pans with removable bottoms on remove sides of tart pans.
Serve hot tarts, warm or cool.





../annotated_recipes/apple-butter-spice-cake.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/apple-butter-spice-cake.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 cup packed brown sugar.
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon.
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg.
1/2 cup chopped pecans.
2 cups all-purpose flour.
1 teaspoon baking powder.
1 teaspoon baking soda.
1/2 teaspoon salt.
1/2 cup butter, softened.
1 cup white sugar.
3/4 cup apple butter.
1 teaspoon vanilla extract.
1/2 cup whole bran cereal or wheat germ.
1 cup sour cream.
2 eggs, beaten.
Set oven on preheat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Set 9x13 inch pan on spray or grease.
Combine 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/2 cup chopped pecans to create topping, manner: mix together.
Combine 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 cups all-purpose flour to create flour mixture, manner: sift together.
Combine 1/2 cup butter, softened, 1 cup white sugar to create butter and sugar, manner: blend together.
Combine 2 eggs, beaten, butter and sugar to create butter sugar and eggs.
Mix butter sugar and eggs to create beaten butter sugar and eggs, manner: beat well.
Combine 3/4 cup apple butter, beaten butter sugar and eggs, 1/2 cup whole bran cereal or wheat germ, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract to create butters, egg, spices and wheat germ, manner: mix well.
Combine 1 cup sour cream, flour mixture, butters, egg, spices and wheat germ to create batter, manner: add flour mixture alternately with sour cream and mix well.
Separate batter and 1/2 of batter to create 1/2 of batter and remaining batter.
Separate topping and 1/2 of topping to create 1/2 of topping and remaining topping.
Put 1/2 of batter in 9x13 inch pan.
Combine 1/2 of topping, 1/2 of batter to create bottom 1/2 of batter and topping, manner: sprinkle the topping over top.
Combine remaining batter, bottom 1/2 of batter and topping to create batter in pan, manner: pour remaining batter.
Combine batter in pan, remaining topping to create final cake mixture, manner: top with remaining topping.
Cook final cake mixture with oven to create apple butter spice cake, manner: bake for 40 minutes.





../annotated_recipes/Apple-Butter-V.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Apple-Butter-V.rcp_tagged.xml:
6 pounds tart apples, cored and sliced.
6 cups apple cider.
3 cups white sugar.
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon.
1 teaspoon ground cloves.
Put 6 pounds tart apples, cored and sliced in dutch oven.
Combine 6 pounds tart apples, cored and sliced, 6 cups apple cider to create apples and cider, manner: pour in cider.
Cook apples and cider with dutch oven to create hot apples mixture, manner: bring to a boil and cook on medium heat 30 minutes, or until soft.
Mix hot apples mixture with food mill to create pressed apple mixture, manner: press mixture through food mill.
Cook pressed apple mixture with dutch oven to create hot pressed apple mixture, manner: cook at medium boil for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Combine 1 teaspoon ground cloves, hot pressed apple mixture, 3 cups white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon to create apple sugar and spices mix, manner: mix.
Cook apple sugar and spices mix with dutch oven to create dissolved sugar mix, manner: cook over low eat until sugar disolves, stirring frequently.
Cook dissolved sugar mix with dutch oven to create hot apple butter, manner: cook until desired thickness has been attained.
Check hot apple butter for desired thickness.
Leave hot apple butter, refrigerate in sterile containers.





../annotated_recipes/Apple-Cranberry-Crisp-2.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Apple-Cranberry-Crisp-2.rcp_tagged.xml:
2 pounds Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored and thinly sliced.
3/4 cup cranberries.
1/4 cup white sugar.
3 teaspoons ground cinnamon.
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg.
1/3 cup quick-cooking oats.
1/3 cup all-purpose flour.
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar.
1/4 cup butter, cut into pieces.
1/2 cup chopped pecans.
Set oven on Preheat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C.).
Set 8 inch square baking dish on butter.
Combine 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 cup white sugar, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 pounds Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 3/4 cup cranberries to create apple mixture.
Mix apple mixture with large bowl to create mixed apple stuff, manner: mix together.
Put mixed apple stuff in 8 inch square baking dish.
Combine 1/3 cup quick-cooking oats, 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar to create oat mixture, manner: in the same bowl.
Combine 1/4 cup butter, cut into pieces, oat mixture to create buttered oats, manner: with a fork, mix in butter until crumbly.
Combine 1/2 cup chopped pecans, buttered oats to create topping, manner: stir in pecans.
Combine mixed apple stuff, topping to create uncooked crisp, manner: sprinkle topping over mixed apple stuff.
Cook uncooked crisp with oven to create finished crisp, manner: Bake for 40 to 50 minutes or until toppong is golden brown, and apples are tender.
Check finished crisp for topping is golden brown and apples are tender.





../annotated_recipes/Apple-Pie-2.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Apple-Pie-2.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 gallon apple juice.
1 gallon apple cider.
3 cups white sugar.
8 cinnamon sticks.
1 (750 milliliter) bottle 190 proof grain alcohol.
Combine 1 gallon apple juice, 1 gallon apple cider, 3 cups white sugar, 8 cinnamon sticks to create apple juice mix.
Put apple juice mix in large pot.
Cook apple juice mix with heat to create hot apple juice mix, manner: bring to boil, then remove from heat.
Leave hot apple juice mix, let cool completely.
Combine hot apple juice mix, 1 (750 milliliter) bottle 190 proof grain alcohol to create alcoholic apple juice mix, manner: stir.





../annotated_recipes/Applesauce-Bread-I.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Applesauce-Bread-I.rcp_tagged.xml:
3 cups all-purpose flour.
3 eggs.
2 cups white sugar.
1 cup vegetable oil.
2 cups applesauce.
1 cup raisins (optional).
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon.
1 teaspoon baking soda.
1/4 teaspoon baking powder.
1/2 cup sour cream.
Set oven on Preheat to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C)..
Set two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans on grease and flour.
Combine 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 cups white sugar to create egg mix.
Mix egg mix to create beaten egg mix, manner: beat.
Combine 2 cups applesauce, beaten egg mix, 1/2 cup sour cream to create creamy egg mix and applesauce, manner: blend in.
Combine creamy egg mix and applesauce, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda to create batter mix without raisins, manner: mix.
Combine batter mix without raisins, 1 cup raisins (optional) to create final batter, manner: stir in raisins.
Put final batter in two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans.
Cook final batter with oven to create hot bread, manner: Bake for 80 minutes.
Leave hot bread, cool on wire racks.





../annotated_recipes/Argentine-Chimichurri-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Argentine-Chimichurri-Bread.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 cup water.
1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar.
3 tablespoons olive oil.
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper.
3/4 teaspoon dried oregano.
2 cloves garlic, minced.
3 tablespoons chopped onion.
3 tablespoons fresh parsley.
1 1/2 teaspoons salt.
1 tablespoon white sugar.
3 tablespoons wheat bran.
3 cups bread flour.
2 teaspoons active dry yeast.
Combine 1 cup water, 3 cups bread flour, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 3 tablespoons wheat bran, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast to create all ingredients, manner: Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer..
Set bread machine on Select Basic or White Cycle.
Cook all ingredients with bread machine to create bread, manner: press Start.





../annotated_recipes/Armadillo-Eggs.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Armadillo-Eggs.rcp_tagged.xml:
24 jalapeno peppers.
1 pound sausage.
2 cups all-purpose baking mix.
1 (16 ounce) package Cheddar cheese, shredded.
1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes.
1 tablespoon garlic salt.
1 (16 ounce) package Monterey Jack cheese, cubed.
Set oven on Preheat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Set medium baking sheet on lightly grease.
Chop 24 jalapeno peppers to create slitted jalapenos, manner: cut slit in each pepper.
Taking slitted jalapenos to create seedless slitted jalapenos, manner: Remove and discard seeds and pulp.
Combine 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 1 pound sausage, 2 cups all-purpose baking mix, 1 (16 ounce) package Cheddar cheese, shredded to create sausage stuff.
Mix sausage stuff with medium bowl to create mixed sausage stuff, manner: mix.
Combine 1 (16 ounce) package Monterey Jack cheese, cubed, seedless slitted jalapenos to create cheesy jalapenos, manner: stuff jalapenos with cheese cubes.
Combine mixed sausage stuff, cheesy jalapenos to create sausage jalapeno balls, manner: shape sausage stuff around the jalapenos to form balls.
Put sausage jalapeno balls in medium baking sheet.
Cook sausage jalapeno balls with oven to create cooked jalapeno sausage balls, manner: Bake 25 minutes, until lightly browned.
Check cooked jalapeno sausage balls for lightly browned.





../annotated_recipes/Arroz-con-Pollo-II.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Arroz-con-Pollo-II.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 (2 to 3 pound) whole chicken, cut into pieces.
1 tablespoon olive oil.
2 onions, chopped.
3 cloves garlic, crushed.
1/2 green bell pepper, chopped.
1/2 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce.
1 pinch saffron.
salt to taste.
2 cubes  chicken bouillon.
1 1/2 cups uncooked white rice.
1 cup beer.
1 (15 ounce) can peas, drained.
1/2 red bell pepper, roasted and sliced.
Cook 1 tablespoon olive oil with skillet to create hot oil, manner: medium high heat.
Combine hot oil, 1 (2 to 3 pound) whole chicken, cut into pieces to create chicken and oil.
Cook chicken and oil with skillet to create lightly browned chicken, manner: saute until lightly browned.
Check lightly browned chicken for lightly browned.
Remove lightly browned chicken from skillet.
Combine 1/2 green bell pepper, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 onions, chopped to create onion garlic and pepper.
Cook onion garlic and pepper with skillet to create sauted veggies, manner: until soft.
Check sauted veggies for soft.
Combine lightly browned chicken, 1 pinch saffron, 1/2 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce, 2 cubes  chicken bouillon, salt to taste, sauted veggies to create saute mixture.
Cook saute mixture with skillet to create hot saute mixture, manner: cook for 10 minutes.
Combine 1 1/2 cups uncooked white rice, hot saute mixture to create saute stuff and rice.
Cook saute stuff and rice with skillet to create hot sauted stuff and rice, manner: reduce heat to low.
Combine hot sauted stuff and rice, 1 cup beer to create hot chicken rice and beer, manner: simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender.
Check hot chicken rice and beer for rice is tender.
Combine 1 (15 ounce) can peas, drained, hot chicken rice and beer to create final chicken mix, manner: stir in peas with liquid.
Combine final chicken mix, 1/2 red bell pepper, roasted and sliced to create arroz con pollo, manner: garnish with red bell pepper.





../annotated_recipes/Artichoke-and-Sun-dried-Tomato-Chicken.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Artichoke-and-Sun-dried-Tomato-Chicken.rcp_tagged.xml:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves.
Salt and pepper to taste.
2 teaspoons olive oil.
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green peppers and onions.
1/4 cup sun-dried tomato pesto.
1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts in water, drained and quartered.
Combine 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, Salt and pepper to taste to create seasoned chicken.
Cook 2 teaspoons olive oil with skillet to create hot oil, manner: medium-high heat.
Combine seasoned chicken, hot oil to create chicken in oil.
Cook chicken in oil with skillet to create cooked chicken, manner: cook, turning once to brown each side.
Check cooked chicken for brown on both sides.
Remove cooked chicken from skillet.
Put 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green peppers and onions in skillet.
Cook 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green peppers and onions with skillet to create cooked tomatoes, manner: medium-high heat, 1 minute.
Mix cooked tomatoes with skillet to create mixed cooked tomatoes, manner: while cooking.
Combine mixed cooked tomatoes, 1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts in water, drained and quartered, 1/4 cup sun-dried tomato pesto to create sauce.
Mix sauce with skillet to create stirred sauce, manner: stir.
Combine stirred sauce, cooked chicken to create chicken and sauce.
Put chicken and sauce in skillet.
Set skillet on cover, medium heat.
Cook chicken and sauce with skillet to create cooked chicken, manner: simmer, 5 to 10 minutes.
Check cooked chicken for cooked through.





../annotated_recipes/Artichoke-Hummus.rcp_tagged.xml
../annotated_recipes/Artichoke-Hummus.rcp_tagged.xml:
1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained.
1 clove garlic.
1/2 cup drained marinated artichoke hearts.
2 tablespoons lemon juice.
2 tablespoons water.
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley.
Quaker Ranch or Sour Cream and Onion Flavor Rice Snacks.
Combine 1 clove garlic, 1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1/2 cup drained marinated artichoke hearts, 2 tablespoons water to create ingredients.
Put ingredients in food processor.
Mix ingredients with food processor to create pulsed ingredients, manner: pulse.
Check pulsed ingredients for smooth.
Put pulsed ingredients in serving bowl.
Leave pulsed ingredients, cover and refrigerate.
Combine pulsed ingredients, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley to create parsley and ingredients.
Mix parsley and ingredients with serving bowl to create hummus, manner: stir.
Combine hummus, Quaker Ranch or Sour Cream and Onion Flavor Rice Snacks to create rice cakes with hummus, manner: spread hummus on cakes.





../annotated_recipes/Asian-Ginger-Dressing.rcp_tagged.xml
Unable to translate ../annotated_recipes/Asian-Ginger-Dressing.rcp_tagged.xml due to translation failure.




